command decision is proudly offered in
the high tradition of
metro-goldwyn-mayer as one of its
outstanding entertainments of any here
here told with shattering impact is the
inside the mysterious the hitherto
top-secret chronicle of men who shook
the very earth itself whose spirit is
embattled but whose hearts are with
their families and with one woman
thousands of miles away here is stemming
out of savage conflict is the naked
blunt and sometimes bitter truth about
the most heroic years of our lives but
the good of the service our bombardment
is a stake general ingenious Casey but
you've got your order that at midnight
tonight I charge captain Jenks with
desertion in the face of the enemy how
many years have you known me Casey have
you ever seen anyone who got away with
blackmailing me your boss gets put on
top charge for one day and loses more
planes and general Kane ever lost in a
week maybe he just doesn't like
airplanes maybe he doesn't like that
cruise either when you first came over
here you had Ted to talk to at least yes
I had Ted that's one thing I've done for
you cliff
I killed Ted you won't have to do that
you are a graduate gunning yes sir
twenty-eight missions would it be too
much to ask these boys for a tough one
tomorrow I don't know sir you must know
from your own experience never had this
experience sir nobody in the Army ever
asked me anything they just told me you
mean Colonel Martin that same fine
officer I shook hands with just this
morning shut up you mean to tell me he
shut up you're telling me to shut up
when you're the one that's responsible
then you shut up can't you understand
that some guys have to do more than talk